10 Troubleshooting
10.1 Service and Maintenance
Review all safety warnings and cautions in 2.3 General Safety Precautions and 2.4 Electrical Installation Precautions before the service/
maintenance begin
Only qualified service personnel can update the Active Power Filter hardware and firmware.
Regularly clean the Active Power Filter, especially the slits, openings, and filters, to ensure that the air freely flows into the Active Power
Filter to avoid overheating. If necessary, use an air blower or vacuum cleaner to clean the slits, and openings and replace the filters
regularly to avoid any object from blocking or covering these areas.
Check if all fans work properly when the Active Power Filter is running, and ensure that air can move freely around and through the
Active Power Filter. Replace the fan if it is not working properly.
Some components like power capacitors and fans become worn out due to long term usage, and increase the risk of failure on the Active
Power Filter.
Contact Danfoss for further information regarding maintenance and service.
10.2 Fault Finding and Troubleshooting
Review all safety warnings and cautions in 2.3 General Safety Precautions and 2.4 Electrical Installation Precautions before the fault
finding and troubleshooting begin.
If the filter does not work properly, readout the fault name and investigate possible root causes for the fault.
Table 41: Overview of Faults and Troubleshooting Hints
Fault number
Fault name
Possible fault
Troubleshooting
1
SYS 485 comm loss
1 The communication wire is
not well connected.
2 The Active Power Filter
modules have repeated IDs.
1 Check if the communication
wire is firmly connected.
1 Check the DIP switches of
the individual modules.
2
Fuse blowout
The input fuse is broken.
Contact service personnel.
3
Ambient OTP
1 The air vents ate blocked.
2 The fans do not work.
Contact service personnel.
4
BUS OVP/UVP
BUS capacitor failure.
Contact service personnel.
5
Fan Fail
Fan failure.
Contact service personnel.
6
No current compensation/Bad
current compensation
The CT is not well connected.
Check if the CT wiring is cor-
rect.
10.3 Disposal
Danfoss accepts defective filter modules for disposal.
62 | Danfoss A/S © 2024.01                                                                                                                                                                        AQ467435236403en-000101 / 130R1375
Operating Guide | Active Power Filter                                                                                                                                                                                                   
