39
Form E-554
Problem: Laser cutting path is too wide
Description of Problem:
The laser cutting path increases to an undesirable width.
Troubleshooting:
1. Check for damage to brass laser nozzle. Replace nozzle
if any damage is present.
2. Check for brass laser nozzle alignment. If the tube or
nozzle is bent,  the laser beam will reflect off the inside wall
of the nozzle causing a wide path. To verify, perform a test
pulse on a piece of card board.  If the dot has a ring or partial
ring around it, the nuzzle is bent or the mirrors may need
to be adjusted.
3. Check laser power and cutting speed. Settings may vary
when changing materials. Testing will yield best results.
RF/EMI Interference
Some factory environments may have equipment that gener-
ates Radio Frequency (RF) or Electro-Magnetic Interference
(EMI). These signals in close proximity to the Eastman
cutting system can generate electrical noise and cause
problems for the machine and computer (Eastman does offer
a shielded mouse). It is recommended that any RF Welders
or other equipment generating RF or EMI noise be a mini-
mum of 75 feet (23 meter) from the Eastman cutting system.
Problems of this nature are typically difficult to resolve and
must be approached in a systematic manner. To reduce the
effects of electrical noise generated by RF, Eastman Ma-
chine Company has the following recommendations:
Step 1) Install an earth ground as close as possible to the
transformer feeding AC power to the cutting system.
Step 2) Enclose all AC power cables in rigid conduit and
secure to the earth ground. Route the four power cables for
the computer controls around the end of the conveyor instead
of under the unit.
Step 3) Ground conduits to the table frames.
Step 4) Implementation of the foregoing should reduce the
level of interference to a workable level. In the event that RF
is still determined an issue, installation of RF filters and/or
power line filters may be required.
Problem: Loss of laser cutting power
Description of Problem:
The laser cutting power decreases causing non-cut edges.
Troubleshooting:
1. Damaged or dirty lens. Check for damage or dirt on the
focusing lens. Clean or replace lens as required.
2. Damaged or dirty Mirror. Check for damage, burn mark or
dirt on the beam deflecting mirrors. Clean or replace
mirrors as required.
3. Damage or debris in laser nozzle. Check for damage or
debris in laser nozzle. Clean or replace laser nozzle as
required.
ELECTRICAL & PNEUMATIC DIAGRAMS
The following electrical and pneumatic drawings are for
reference only. Eastman maintains the right to change
electrical and pneumatic specifications without notice.  Any
modifications to machine wiring without written permission
from Eastman Machine Company shall void all warranties.
