37
Form E-554
TROUBLE SHOOTING GUIDE
Warning
Always disconnect power source (lockout/tagout) to
machine before proceeding with any maintenance,
adjustments or repair. Failure to disconnect power may
cause serious personal injury and/or damage to ma-
chine.
Warning
This machine is equipped with a very sharp knife and
powerful laser. Use caution when working on this
machine. Failure to keep hands, arms, and  loose
objects away from knife area may cause serious
personal injury.
Service and maintenance to this machine should be per-
formed by qualified personnel. If you do not have qualified
personnel, contact your Eastman Sales Representative or
Eastman Factory direct.
Problem: UIT Does Not Power Up
Description of Problem:
The UIT does not power.  Screen is blank and not lit up.
Troubleshooting:
1.Touch the screen to see if it turns on.  If the machine sits
idle for a long period of time the touch screen goes into a
sleep mode to protect the screen.
2.Make sure your cutting software is open on the cutting
system computer.
4.Find the black ethernet power supply (PoE) located next
to the computer. Verify the green LED is illuminated.
5.If there is no green LED lit, check the AC outlets located
on the back of the diagnostic cabinet. If there is no  AC
power, check the AC power cord and fuses F3 and F4 in
the diagnostic cabinet.
Problem: Machine Stop during Cut Due to Uninten-
tional pause
Description of Problem:
The machine stops in middle of cut and displays message
“Machine Paused, Press Zero, Next or Abort” on Touch
Screen.  When pressing NEXT on the keypad, the machine
will continue to cut where it left off.  This is typically caused
by an intermittent pause circuit, usually in thestop discs.
Troubleshooting:
1.Check stop disc activation. The stop discs should not
activate by a slight touch or vibration. They should activate
only when moved by minimum pressure. Remove gantry
side cover. Check the pause plunger. Tighten the plunger
to increase activation pressure and loosen to decrease
activation pressure.
Problem: The buttons on the Touch Screen are out of
alignment
Description of Problem:
The touch screen buttons do not match where the screen
needs to be touched to activate the command.  Operator
needs to push above, below, right or left of the button for the
command to take effect.
Troubleshooting:
Touch screen calibration in required. Proceed as follows.
1) Power down the cutting system.
2) Place finger on the upper left corner of the touch screen as
Shown. While holding finger on the screen, turn ON the
main power switch located on the back of the diagnostic
control cabinet.
3) Remove finger after the "Power On Setup" screen appears.
4) Using the left and right arrows to navigate, go to the
Calibration Screen (screen page 2). Press Touch screen
to begin calibrating.
