13
Form E-554
Environmental Conditions
Condition
Normal Operating 
Condition
If Outside the Normal Condition
Temperature
55-100 degrees Fahrenheit Cutter may not operate correctly
Humidity
20% and 80% relative 
humidity (Non-Condensing) Cutter may not operate correctly
High Altitude
Sea Level to 1000 Feet 
above Sea Level
Blower Pressure will be lower 
(less material hold down
Radio Frequency* 
interference (RFI) 
(i.e...RF Welding 
Equipment)
No Interference Minimum 
Recommendation 75 feet 
away
Cutter may not operate correctly
Electrical Power 
Disturbance
No Disturbances
Cutter may not operate correctly
General Shop 
Cleanliness
Clean Environment
Cutter may not operate correctly
Clean/Filtered Shop 
Air
Clean Air
Cylinders and Valves may not 
operate
* RF Interference:
For customers using RF welders or other equipment that
emits RF, Eastman Machine Company recommends that
this equipment be kept at least 70 feet away from the
Eastman cutting system. High levels of RF emissions may
cause the electronic controls in the system to malfunction.
Please note that interference and damage, caused by RF
emissions from equipment that is not stationed at least 70
feet away, may not be covered under the warranty of your
Eastman cutting system.
Customer is responsible for installing and using earth
grounds to protect machine from RF.
SERVICE and MAINTENANCE
Warning: Always disconnect power source (lockout/
tagout) to machine before proceeding with any
maintenance, adjustments or repair. Failure to
disconnect power may cause serious personal injury
and/or damage to machine.
Warning: This machine is equipped with a very sharp
knife and powerful laser. Use caution when working on
this machine. Failure to keep hands, arms, and  loose
objects away from knife area may cause serious
personal injury.
Service and maintenance to this machine should be per-
formed by qualified personnel. If you do not have qualified
personnel, contact your Eastman Sales Representative or
Eastman Factory direct.
Aligning, Cleaning and Replacing Consumables
Tool Holder removal
Warning: Always handle blades with care. Safely
dispose of use blades.
To remove the tool holder assembly, turn the power off to the
gantry (use lock out / tag out if required). Loosen the two allen
head screws on the tool holder. Carefully slide tool holder off
the tool spindle.
To install tool holder assembly, slide the holder on the
spindle ensuring that the alignment tang is engaged on the
spindle. Tighten the two allen head screws.
Note: If the tool type is different from the one removed, it is
important to re-map and change the tool type represented in
the software to match the one installed.
Note: Tools do not need to be re-calibrated unless cut
accuracy is critical to 0.010" or less. If calibration is needed
refer to operator’s manual.
Caution: Failing to re-map a tool after changing tool
types can result in damage to the table cutting surface, tool
and or tool spindle. (Example: changing a punch to a drag
knife).
