38
Form E-554
5) Using a paper clip or fine tip object, press the center of the
cross as shown. The cross will reappear in the lower right
corner. Press the center of the cross.
6) Navigate to screen page 3. Select save and exit to
complete calibration.
The touch screen will restart in normal mode. Check for
proper screen operation and begin your normal start-up
procedure.
Problem: The Cutting Tool or Pen does not move down
Description of Problem:
The tool or Pen does not move down when cutting a file or
they are delayed coming down at the beginning of a cut.  This
can be caused by an electrical short, tool mapping in
software or a problem with the power supply.
Troubleshooting:
1.Make sure the gantry Tools ON switch is turned on. This
can be verified by making sure the laser pointer is on.
2.Verify the mapping of your tools and layers are mapped
properly under each tool.
a)Look at the tool bar at the bottom of the Cut window to
quickly verify tool and layer mapping.  If there is no Tool Bar
as shown, then click on “View” then click on “Layers” and
“Tools” in the main E-Suite menu.
b)If the layer is not mapped to a tool or the tool is not on the
tool holder then just click and drag the tool to the spindle
or the layer to the tool before sending the file to the cutter.
3.With E-Suite closed, check tool holder to see if it moves
freely and is not damaged or bent.
4.Make sure you have pressure at the tools. Try pulling tool
the holder down by hand to see if it has pressure.
5.Check tool connections.
a) Hit the Cut Down button on the UIT to verify the
corresponding green LED light is on. Located on the slice
output cards (non-operator gantry side plate).
b) Try firing the tool manually by pressing red button under
solenoid block.  Each solenoid can be manually fired by
pressing the individual button.
c) Check cable connection at air manifold for proper
connection.
6.The Pen or Tool delays coming down and misses the
beginning of marker or cut.
a) Check the 24 VDC power supply located in the diagnos-
tic cabinet. Make sure the green led is on.
b) Check the 24 VDC power supply fuse.
c) Check flow control valves on the pen air cylinder.
Problem: Laser Fume Extractor has reduced vacuum
or no vacuum.
Description of Problem:
An odor is present when cutting with the laser tool or Laser
cutting path is wider than normal
Troubleshooting:
1. Check the laser fume extractor for power and is turned ON.
2. Increase vacuum pressure using the fume extractor
control panel.
3) Replace vacuum filters.
4) Clean vacuum hose and funnel.
