Powermax30 AIR
Service Manual
808850
103
5 – Troubleshooting and System Tests
11. Perform a test cut in order to sustain a plasma arc for several seconds. Check the pressure reading on the gauge. It 
should read 2.9 – 3.4 bar (42 – 50 psi). (The pressure will be lower during postflow.)
With the compressor running, the needle on the gauge vibrates a lot. Ignore the highest and lowest points on the 
needle “swings.” Make sure that, on average, the pressure remains within the range specified above.
12. Repeat the previous step 2–3 times to make sure the pressure readings are consistent.
13. Set the power switch to OFF (O), and disconnect the power cord from the power source.
14. Remove the pressure test gauge assembly. Reconnect the 90° fitting to the gas supply fitting from the torch lead.
15. Reconnect the power cord, and set the power switch to ON (I).
16. If the air pressure was low, check the air compressor for proper voltage (15 V). See Test 9a – Check the diagnostic 
LED (D5) on the compressor-driver board on page 96.
17. Apply leak detector solution (for example, Snoop®) to check for leaks at the following points on the gas supply line. 
Quickly tap the torch trigger to force gas flow without firing an arc. See Figure 23 on page 104.

The 6 push-to-connect fittings between the air compressor and the torch lead gas supply fitting

The 2 gas hoses that connect to each side of the solenoid valve

Where the filter bowl screws into the air filter assembly

Where the drain hose connects to the bottom of the filter bowl

The fan may cause the appearance of a leak on some fittings even if there is not one. To 
avoid this, disconnect the fan from J5 on the power board before performing the leak 
test above. Make sure to reconnect the fan before using the system.
Replace damaged or defective parts as needed. See page 215 for replacement kit numbers.
18. Also check for leaks where the drain hose connects to the base of the power supply
. Tilt the power supply so that 
you can feel if air is escaping through the hole in the base where the drain hose lets out.
19. Install a different torch to see if the low pressure issue persists. See page 153.
20. If low pressure persists after you complete all of these checks, the internal air compressor may be faulty. Install a new 
air compressor. See page 169.
6
